Clarify Association conventions. (#6690)
cakephp/docs: en/orm/associations.rst

that are *not* loaded through joins (hasMany/belongsToMany), do not have the
above restrictions and can also use result formatters or map/reduce functions.

Association Conventions
=======================

> By default, associations are expected to be set up and used in CamelCase style.
> Then chaining here to get a related table to work with is easy::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, associations are should be configured and referenced using the CamelCase style.
This enables property chains to related tables in the following way::
```

Reworded a bit, we should avoid 'easy' as all things are easy when you know them :)

    $this->MyTableOne->MyTableTwo->find()->...;

> They do not end up in this casing for the resulting entity properties, though.
> So for a hasOne/belongsTo relation like "User belongsTo Roles", intuitively one would expect a single entity as result.
> Here the ORM also produces such a field on the entity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Association properties on entities do not use CamelCase conventions though. Instead for a hasOne/belongsTo relation like "User belongsTo Roles", you would get a `role` property instead of `Role` or `Roles`::
```

    // A single entity (or null if not available)
    $role = $user->role;

> Whereas for the other direction "Roles hasMany Users" it would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whereas for the other direction "Roles hasMany Users" it would be::
```
